Release 20210422 (#917)
publiccodenet/about: activities/tool-management/jitsi-meet.md

* The first person to create a room or enters an existing room is the host and is required to authenticate by entering their log-in credentials.
* Guests can join the meeting when the have the link. As an extra security measure a password can be added to the room, so guests also need the password next to the meeting link.

## Jitsi Meet for our community

> We also have a Jitsi instance running for our community on 'meet.community.publiccode.net'. Users can [sign up for an account](https://meet.community.publiccode.net/accountmanager/register/) so they can host meetings themselves. We have a administration and user guide available.

Author: ```suggestion
We also have a Jitsi instance running for our community on 'meet.community.publiccode.net'. Users can [sign up for an account](https://meet.community.publiccode.net/accountmanager/register/) so they can host meetings themselves. We have a [user and administrator guide](jitsi-guides.md) available.
```
